Sampling docs java - single span/trace sampling (#16259)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/trace_pipeline/ingestion_mechanisms.md

{{< tabs >}}
{{% tab "Java" %}}

> Starting from version [v1.3.0][1], for Java applications, set by-service and by-operation name **span** sampling rules with the `DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES` environment variable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Starting in tracing library version [version 1.3.0][1], for Java applications, set by-service and by-operation name **span** sampling rules with the `DD_SPAN_SAMPLING_RULES` environment variable.
```

> For example, to collect `100%` of the spans from the service named `my-service`, for the operation `http.request`, up to `50` spans per second:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to collect 100% of the spans from the service named `my-service`, for the operation `http.request`, up to 50 spans per second:
```
